edit SSC findings definition & add CLI usage instructions (#1334)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-supply-chain/overview.md

### Types of Semgrep Supply Chain findings

Semgrep Supply Chains generates a **finding** any time it determines that your

> codebase leverages a package containing a vulnerability. In addition, Semgrep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
codebase uses or imports a package containing a vulnerability. In addition, Semgrep
```
I only noticed it now, but "leverages" is a little vague. The most common term in languages is `import` so I used that.

Supply Chain offers two levels of support for reachability analysis, [depending
on your language](/supported-languages/#maturity-levels-1):

* **GA**: Semgrep writes rules for all critical and high CVE
severity levels for GA languages. That means Semgrep Supply Chain can flag all 
your critical/high-severity findings as either reachable or unreachable.
  * If there's a code pattern in the codebase that matches the vulnerability
    definition, the finding is flagged as **reachable**.
  * If you don't use the vulnerable piece of code of the library or package
  imported, the finding is flagged as **unreachable**.
  * If Semgrep Supply Chain determines that you use a vulnerable version of a
  dependency, but Semgrep Supply Chain doesn't have a relevant reachability rule, it flags the finding as **undetermined**; this is most common with
  vulnerabilities discovered before May 2022 or vulnerabilities with lower
  severity levels.

> * **lockfile-only languages**: For **[lockfile-only](/semgrep-supply-chain/glossary/#lockfile-only-rules)** languages, Semgrep Supply Chain's performance is comparable to that of [GitHub's Dependabot](https://github.com/dependabot). Semgrep Supply Chain generates these findings by checking the dependency's version listed in your lockfile or manifest against a list of versions with known vulnerabilities, but it does not run reachability analysis. Because Semgrep Supply Chain doesn't run reachability analysis, it can't determine whether the vulnerability is reachable. Such vulnerabilities are, therefore, flagged as undetermined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **lockfile-only languages**: For **[lockfile-only](/semgrep-supply-chain/glossary/#lockfile-only-rules)** languages, Semgrep Supply Chain's performance is comparable to that of [GitHub's Dependabot](https://github.com/dependabot). Semgrep Supply Chain generates these findings by checking the dependency's version listed in your lockfile or manifest against a list of versions with known vulnerabilities, but it does not run reachability analysis. Because Semgrep Supply Chain doesn't run reachability analysis, it can't determine whether the vulnerability is reachable. Such vulnerabilities are, therefore, flagged as **undetermined**.
```
